docs/terminals.md: add troubleshooting (#2985)
opencontainers/runc: docs/terminals.md

> means that it is not really possible to uniquely distinguish between `stdout`
> and `stderr` from the caller's perspective.

#### Issues

If you see an error like

```
open /dev/tty: no such device or address
```

from runc, it means it can't open a terminal (because there isn't one).  This

> can happen in case stdin (and possibly also stdout and stderr) are redirected,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can happen when stdin (and possibly also stdout and stderr) are redirected,
```

> can happen in case stdin (and possibly also stdout and stderr) are redirected,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can happen when stdin (and possibly also stdout and stderr) are redirected,
```

> or on some environments that lack a tty (such as GitHub Actions runners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or in some environments that lack a tty (such as GitHub Actions runners).
```

> or on some environments that lack a tty (such as GitHub Actions runners).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or in some environments that lack a tty (such as GitHub Actions runners).
```

> The solution to this is *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to this is to *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have
```

> The solution to this is *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to this is to *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have
```

> The solution to this is *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to this is to *not* use a terminal for the container, i.e. have
```

`terminal: false` in `config.json`. If the container really needs a terminal

> (as some programs require it), you can provide one, using one of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(some programs require one), you can provide one, using one of the following
```

> (as some programs require it), you can provide one, using one of the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(some programs require one), you can provide one, using one of the following
```

methods.

> One way to do so is to use `ssh -tt` option. The second `t` forces a terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way is to use `ssh -tt`. The second `t` forces a terminal
```

> One way to do so is to use `ssh -tt` option. The second `t` forces a terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way is to use `ssh` with the `-tt` flag. The second `t` forces a terminal
```

allocation even if there's no local one -- and so it is required when stdin is

> not a terminal (known `ssh` implementations only look for a terminal on stdin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not a terminal (some `ssh` implementations only look for a terminal on stdin).
```

> not a terminal (known `ssh` implementations only look for a terminal on stdin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not a terminal (some `ssh` implementations only look for a terminal on stdin).
```

> Another way is to run runc under `script` utility, like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way is to run runc under the `script` utility, like this
```

> Another way is to run runc under `script` utility, like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way is to run runc under the `script` utility, like this
```

```console
$ script -e -c 'runc run <container>'
```

> Note that older versions of `script` are known to have issues.

Reviewer: Can you provide a bit more detail about what kinds of issues?

> Note that older versions of `script` are known to have issues.

Reviewer: Can you provide a bit more detail about what kinds of issues?
